from fantastic uptown burbank Harmontown is now in session i'm Jeff Davis
you come at all or let's pick up the game master x to wrote an error spent a
crittenden the man with the sack what you got in that bag what you got in that
bag dice dice what you got in that bag i don't know man if you don't know what's
in that bag no one knows the contents of the bag doesn't change you know all right
how about your mayor of Harmontown oh yeah Dan Harmon sensual
hell yeah smooth yeah yeah yo smooth dog yeah
oscar's night the show biz is right the limelight is out of sight get out get in
in the big sick didn't win yo oscar night it's all right
it's all right tonight because you got nominated so you're a hero to us kumail
and emily good job get nominated and if you're gonna lose an oscar lose it to get out
that way if you feel bad you're racist oscar night out of sight limelight red carpet delight
the paparazzi is inside oh take a picture with me my name is jimmy kimmel you see it is did he
host yes okay great that's good i'm sure he did a great job yo oscar night smooth rapping
florida project wasn't there except in the form of william defo did he win not yet who knows
it's going to be a firefight on oscar night with the william defo not william defrand
here dan what do you think about the shape of water yo i saw that fish i wouldn't let him
near my daughter he's got a crazy fish dick okay well it's oscar night that's our uh it's our
yearly this is when we really bring out the the glitz and the glamour it's uh the night
well we asked the question who has a date with oscar yeah i think yeah just so you know a little
behind the scenes although we like to let the magic be magical but because so many people
put so much work into it our oscar episode is always you know we start in february like early
february rehearsing um as soon as the nominations are announced we start writing our sketches
um so we we already know runner we already know who won well we we we we we wrote three
sketches for yeah most of the categories but as the results come in we've got little
comedy sketches that we're going to do what did you think about uh some high x uh
wardrobe dress uh i thought it went a little too far
far in which direction uh i thought i thought i thought i thought it was a little risque
but you know what you go selma you go selma uh what did you think of selma high x uh attire
i thought it was tasteful oh okay was it yes okay well bad guess on my part then
you but who is it was maya rudoff at church who is the gal the chick that was with uh maya rudoff
tiffany had it fucking hilarious they should host all the oscar's from now on they were
fucking hilarious yeah they came out with their heels off and they held them like fuck this shit
and and and they were maya rudoff was wearing like a sleigh like a giant red snuggie and she
looked great i'm not i'm not talking shit she looked fantastic but she did not play ball
like in the oscar fashion she did her own shit and they were way funnier than everybody else
and like no offense to jimmy kimmel who's doing a good job as far as because we only
watched probably what the third of it church the fourth uh he was doing a good job but maya rudoff
and haddish that's what he said how do you say her name tiffany had it tiffany haddish
fucking hilarious well i'll have to check it out i was a little disappointed i got to be honest with
you that uh what's her name from church i'm blanking you have to give more more of a clue
the the mom from uh leddie bird why can't i remember her name ever lori metcalf who's one
of my favorites her name is always like a fucking blank for me lori metcalf that was so good and
she did not win best supporting actress although i thought she might have so the results are still
coming in i take it oh yeah the best picture hasn't been announced but but get out what do you think
then predict it right now make your call because it hasn't that'll be the last thing it'll probably
happen an hour from now like my gut says get out i mean i but i don't really know how the oscar
voting works i mean i know that it's like you know it's it's a lot of actors of a lot of
ages so it's all about yardage sometimes you sometimes you make the prediction based on well
it's a liberal political like easy darling like like it's it's hollywood it's good but but then
every bit you know look let's face it like something like get out you could find the line
within liberal hollywood elite like they're the baby boomers that probably dominate the academy
probably might have watched get out and been like i don't see i don't like that i would have
thought that shape of water was going to win but church what were you saying that there is a beef about
come on stage church like if you're going to talk grab a mic
he asked you a question and then halfway through your answer yeah well if you're going to come on
stage if you're going to talk well she she if you're not going to ignore me she had to turn
off the live stream to be on the show right like that live stream is that's money out of our pocket
anyway yeah what's up with that live stream church you you're you're you're telling people to not
subscribe to our shit teasing all right stream subscription it's church with the oscar data
what's up with what's up with shape of water what's what's the beef there was so what i was
horror was there a couple days ago was that they're being sued for plagiarism there's a lawsuit
that brought got brought up by the inheritors of the rights to a play like the kids of this guy
this playwright about them lifting it seems like most of the story from this play so it's a it's a
fish man there's a girl who works as a maid in the in like the the lab where they're keeping this
fish man in the play there's even a scene where the cat's head gets lopped off in this play so
there's and those are just the examples that were given in this article about it and their kind of
accusation was well isn't this lawsuit timely right when the Oscars are happening and their response
back was that's ludicrous you know we have a case and it's coming up because your film came out
and oh the insinuation was that there was some kind of like weird they were trying to like time it
to get the money or whatever by trying to hold the the film hostage like it might jeopardize
whether or not it could win things like best screenplay for example doesn't have that oscar
flavor to me shape of water anyway you know right what what does for you well get out i guess yeah
but i i mean i know it's very simple and it's i want that to win but well i honestly florida
project it didn't get it didn't get nominated for anything except defo and then like i what else was
there it's just like it's post the post is it we know my feelings about that and uh three billboards
uh like like uh my bounds so i i didn't see ladybird i didn't see i don't know what the nominees
for best picture are but but but i didn't i love ladybird i love ladybird the only thing i saw that
seems like a shoe in is is is get out but shoe in is like with giant air quotes because it's not
we're not talking about a popularity contest we're also not talking about like a craftsmanship like
it's a bummer that our friends uh emily and george uh and kumail did not win for a screenplay but
it's awesome that jordan peel won for get out that's that's amazing yeah i mean obviously yeah it's
more of a tragedy for us because kumail and emily are family so we'd rather they win but uh yeah if
you're at least they didn't lose to something that we also hated and like kumail just tweeted
they came in second place uh i mean i have to honestly it's like it is an honor to be nominated
it is enough i mean i'm sure it's a bummer to not win yeah it's not just something that people say
you get to wear that that title for the rest of your life your oscar nominated so and so forever
or actually i just realized you won an emmy for writing about the oscars yeah and uh monster house
was nominated for an oscar but and that wasn't an honor so maybe kumail and emily i really bummed
out tonight hell yeah but i don't think it's a different thing because it's not i always forget
monster house was nominated for oscar because really it's like you you make an animated film over a
certain budget you and you know like it it didn't feel like it didn't feel like monster house was
a citizen cane of also there was like a page one rewrite on that like wasn't there uh didn't they monster house but did monster house get rewritten by somebody like a
handed off to another writer or no oh well yeah it wasn't like it but it wasn't nominated for best
screenplay anyway it was but nominated for like best animated feature or something i think uh either emily or
kumail tweeted like i would happily lose uh an oscar to jordan peel for the rest of my life
like yeah and i think that he means that or she means that yeah it was a good it's a good year to get nominated in that category
and and not win because you can you can save for the rest of your life the competition was incredibly
stiff the the best original screenplay category i've always said is is curiously uh seems immune
from any kind of like corruption or or value drift that you could accuse the oscars of ever having
like i've always felt like the original screenplay uh nominees and winners are pretty
like i've i've never i don't remember ever going what you know like it's it's it's it's it seems like
people have a head on their shoulders about it or maybe it's just like an easy thing to to go ah that
movie was very written i don't know i i like that Dunkirk won like the moment we stopped watching it
they'd already won three oscars uh for sound design sound editing and editing um and like oh yeah like
that's like like star wars and baby driver didn't win those things like normally like it's like a
transformers that win sound design that makes a bunch of noise or some horrible shit like i like that
they left it to like a movie that just told one very simple story i'm only gonna say it one more
time now that the oscars are over if you're a director and there's more than three kids in
your movie that are on screen for more than a half hour uh you should automatically be nominated
as a director that's why i feel the florida project was snubbed i and then you count willem
defoe in there who is a very talented actor but as we've seen from his oof um he doesn't come to set
that ready to ground it you know like he like nicholas cage he's perfectly capable in the
right hands of of of being a strat of areas but he will just show up as garage band um if if left
unchecked and here's my fear because like well somebody like like on the on the crew here like
keep us posted who wins best actor because i don't want it to be gary oldman for his impression
of church hall i don't want that to happen what put a pin in that we'll get back to that i what
what was the what was itanya up for did it did the director of itanya get nominated i don't know
but that was the winner of best supporting actress was the mom and uh and she was great
she was fantastic uh but but uh yeah i mean i those are the two directors to me florida project
person and itanya person don't can't remember either their names i but i would if i was a
a a betting person like betting on length and uh a contribution of careers to come like i would
put a lot of money on those two i think those movies were outstanding demonstrations of
specifically direction i think that i think that directors get ripped off a lot of the Oscars
because it's hard to i i think that i i'm gonna probably get a bunch of tomatoes thrown at me
by a lot of like i don't know this is a provocative thing to say but i think actors control the academy
and actors don't you know to to them directors are like these assholes that tell you what to do
but to be fair when the director fails no one will ever know that they'll just see shitty
performer there's performances out of the actors too so they kind of take the fall
when as much as getting all the kind of glory and attention and and having all the focus put
on the acting yeah this is definitely like an actors event i just feel like not to be pedantic
about it but if you ask a writer who's a good director the writer's gonna have an answer that
has something to do with like you know how they affected that person's script and also that writer
is gonna they're gonna be far from the trenches and able to observe it kind of rationally um
the if you ask other directors directors are gonna go of course i well my god i couldn't
have gotten that performance out of that cat or you know that that that was beautiful that that
that shot and this was i i know what goes into directing at blah blah blah but if you ask an actor
i feel like they're so close to it uh that that that i feel like i hate to offend my actor friends
but i i feel like an actor in general as like a biomass like an actor would go oh who's who's the
best director uh oh yeah that one person that uh uh they did very few takes and they let me go home
on time yeah but i think i love that guy my understanding of how like at least the nominations
process works is that it's like the previous winners from your category so it's like the
other directors who've won best director or it's like the other oh is it doesn't really work out
so they yeah so their job is to like watch all the the things that are nominated they want to
consider for that category and then they decide who's not me so like my friend it was my friend
michael dana who explained this to me because he was like oh i gotta watch all these movies and
decide who to nominate for a best um score best original score because now that he had won for
life of pie he was now on that panel to make those decisions so your job is to listen to everything
and decide okay these are worthy of nomination these are not so then you narrow it down and then
everybody votes oh but then but then is my understanding everybody votes it's it's a it's
so yeah because then everybody throws their hat and it goes okay so from so from the nominations
from the people who are the peers in those groups now everybody gets to weigh in i kind of wish
i wish they carry through the jury of peers in your craft all the way to the finish line because
that way you wouldn't have this the potential value drift i mean it would be only to the extent that
the definition of good directing ever changed you know then that would change like i it really it
really seems like that would be and then imagine the honor that that would be too you'd be like holy
shit like scorsese but maybe that's why it's such an honor to be nominated though well yeah exactly
because the nomination is the thing that you're actually getting from other people who you've
looked up to for so many years and aspired to be like not the win and if you get an asker it could
just be marisa tomei got drunk and she's like just kidding i love her uh it's just like so scared
marisa tomei's watching i say we go around the room right now and see who can do the best bad
Churchill because he just wants to do his Churchill let's start with jeff all right i'll start go ahead
jeff no we are dan you want to start no we're starting with jeff all right we shall never
you end up that's me doing gary oldman's Churchill okay then you're i mean i don't
there's i'm coming out in a state of nature
that's good transfer um you're a bitch all right he was like a womanizer right or like a woman
beater yeah something like that yeah i that wasn't the movie yeah i'm gonna have to look
because you want to look that up your name is partially partially Churchill so why don't you
bring it home yeah you should be the best of this these are fight them on the beaches
hell yeah blow on we will not say that the greeks fight like heroes but not the heroes fight like
greeks that's a direct quote jeff what is so was mine what is your beef i understand the movie
wasn't we shall never you end up do you really think that was a that gary oldman's doing a bad
job in that role i just i think you i'm not i look i'm not a big gary oldman fan i think he's
one of our bias he's a great overactor i just thought that movie here's the deal the movie
sucked didn't go anywhere it was a movie about making one speech and they they ramp it up and he
makes one speech and then the movie's over kind of interest i agree with you not a not a not an
exciting movie uh and i'm not saying this is a mitigating factor but it is interesting
when i watch them like wow so this is the guy that's famous for all those quotes like if you
swing a cat at a quote yeah like it's a Churchill quote and uh and the movie's just about how that's
all he ever did he just ran his mouth uh but but he he i mean he changed history running his mouth
but it doesn't make for a particularly interesting biopic the end of the movie i was surprised at
the end of the movie when i go what what just happened the guy goes he mobilized the English
language and took it into battle which is a great line but that's act one like page one like it's
like but now he was a loudmouth because he was half american and his mother was an american and
they kind of got this sort of that kind of like bold outspoken like that's probably a movie so many
people or did not like Churchill he ended up being a huge hero especially to americans i need to be
corny erin sorkinny guy but i think if if i if i were had a gun turned on me like you gotta write
the Churchill biopic i having found out through research what that movie reveals which is that
there's not a huge arc for this guy etc and he didn't do a lot but but was very important just
i would i would then go my my sorkin gland would then go okay well let's talk about his wife and
let's you know that relationship because i thought that you know those scenes were touching and you
could tell those were based on either internal notes or studio notes through like this thing needs
something and so they had those one or two scenes with the wife where you're getting to know Churchill
the the aging lover Churchill the uh the the the the baby that needs his diaper changed but acknowledges
his his his wife is his mommy and uh uh Churchill's wife the dutiful you know uh the the woman has no
name kind of like a selfless politicians wife kind of thing i if i would dig like sorkin deep
for anything there and just figure out a three-act structure like have them have a fight on page 70
and then have them kiss her on page 95 because that world war two story turns out it's pretty
linear those nazis just kept coming and then uh you know who was a great Churchill was lithgow
his his Churchill i thought was really do you why don't you do john john lithgow
do your john lithgow as Winston Churchill is the only thing we have to fear is that
it's not a circle it's the only one he didn't say well the the the fear one of the stick one
those are roosevelt i think that was fdr fdr is fear fdr is fear roosevelt's stick everything
else is Churchill yeah it is it's in it is in these times of circular mouths that one man's
harry must come to his Henderson's where did Churchill say that i believe in this realm
i believe in this island i thought you were giving me music i was trying to i was trying to give you
the uh Jurassic Park theme jeff's ipad isn't working tonight when i look out at those lighthouses
and spotted dicks that make up the coastline of this historically impenetrable isle
i ask myself what will the man be who gives it up
and the answer is a pariah he will be forever unforgiven and so i say you the house of lords
and the commoners and the third parliament of groundlings we must come together in the opposition
for the great creme de la creme the pièce de résistance
the cockney wainscotting this country has never surrendered we were at stonehenge
we were at baskerville we kept the hounds at bay jack the ripper recoiled from our touch
pudding was invented here where the place ben franklin loved to come on the weekends
that may have been france but we're 90 miles from there i'm john lift now say to you
three five four what's in the blood of an englishman
bravery victory bitch sticks and no fear
dinosaurs
what did he do he weaponized the english language
so your version of winston churchill thought he was john lithgow
he became he found out who he was yeah he's true to himself that's what gary oldman brought to the
performance i think uh what was i gonna say what is it nazis nazis work oh the the it's it's funny
how the you know the most devastating scene in that movie is the phone call when he calls
calls roosevelt and he's like i have some airplanes and tanks and and it's just like that
it's like any phone call from any decade within any relationship it's just like it's just
heartbreaking like like someone just blowing someone off but it's like winston i i would give you
anything but i i have to go take a poop now i i'll be back yeah i must have been how come the
british don't hate us a little bit more because they lost their empire like we're about to
like they lost their swag yeah but i mean doesn't that isn't that when you get angrier
but they didn't have the army or the armada to to back that up but they can be as angry as they
like no but i'm saying how come how come the story how come how come everybody just goes along
with the story of us being uh swell and dandy in our handling of world war two because we did end
up saving anybody's asses like when we finally did step in it it saved the day it's i mean isn't
that something that an asshole does in a in a situation where they could observe that uh it's
like well if i just wait a little longer you know i'll be a real hero here that's what we did we
waited too long twice we could have saved them early in both world wars we were like gandalf with
the eagles oh shit it's like well what the fuck yeah oh yeah yeah you had these eagles the whole
god damn time because roosevelt was trying to dig the country out of a depression and the country
didn't want another foreign war after world war one and it was a really unpopular idea so he was
holding off holding off holding off holding off doing this and i guess they do and i guess we
wish i had a historian or somebody appears i don't risk offending anybody but i that i i i recall
that it's something that we like like we didn't the uh revelation of how much holocausting was
happening was kind of like at the end like they figured that out when we got there there were
rumors right because people had fled and so when you leave out that like kind of like very epic
like uh genocide thing which is how we're all taught about world war two but when you just
look at it minus that well it's just a giant war over in europe and they've already done one of those
and so okay we're here on the other side of the atlantic which was a way bigger deal before the
internet and uh so yeah okay i guess they just thought like they'll they'll work it out maybe
hitler will be a great european chancellor and we'll we'll sell him steel and people loved him at first
yeah he he did it he did it good they were doing a great job of repairing germany in the first few
years it's when they started conquering everything and everyone around them that europe went uh maybe
we need to call for backup oh hitler oh hitler we hardly knew ye
i think our problem is we never really got to know hitler right we were we didn't give him a chance
well i was surprised if i watched a conspiracy uh thing on netflix and i was i was kind of uh
surprised at how um how likely it is that uh uh hitler faked his death
like is that hunting hitler was you really watching hunting hitler it was just there was never i mean
if you even if you go with the straight narrative with no conspiracy theories at all like the actual
mainstream like this is what's supposed to have happened he shot himself from the head and
and eve brown took cyanide and then the germans doused his body with gasoline and set it on fire
in a shallow pit yeah and then covered that up with dirt and didn't tell anybody where it was
because miscellany had just been strung up in the streets and he'd heard about it and didn't want
his body to be mutilated his body guard took him out and said like like not only should he be dead
and not be able to like be tortured he should be like mutilated and and like like like just burned
to a cinder they shouldn't have the body to be able to um hang up on you know they took him out
in the parking lot burned him up and buried him in a shallow pit now spoil sport to the very end
now now let me let me let me run this by you my little my little historians uh in a world where
we're in hitler's shoes there in the bunker like okay so he's he's that worried about his corpse
being defiled that he's gonna say to somebody hey Todd come here i'm gonna uh uh after i do
you'll hear a pop uh my wife will have white foam coming out of her mouth um don't try to
resuscitate her you might die um he shot her and then himself do me do me a favor uh yeah
this is like don't don't derail do me a favor i got i i'm planning ahead here i'm at i'm at
i'm at the point where i'm gonna blow my brains out but i'm thinking this much ahead like about
what's gonna happen to my body so i submit to you if he's thinking that much ahead you know it's only
a little bit further ahead to go hey Todd who's that guy what was his name at the Christmas party
everybody's joking he put the electrical tape on his lip and everybody's like he looks just like me
yeah oh gary yeah and accounting yeah do me a favor uh put a mustache on him and bring him down here
and uh and synthia from uh from uh hr um and uh you know bring him down and uh dress him like us
and uh this is the conspiracy theory is that they did a little switcheroo and uh and hitler went
out the back door which he very well but it's not like he was trapped in his bunker it was totally
possible i mean it it it it it it seems like a thing that a spoil sport would do before he was
like i won't let you string my corpse up well especially for the nazis who built secret tunnels
everywhere and always had all kinds of exit plans and made like alliances in spain so that
they could go through different countries and and and there were loads of nazis who did escape to
like argentina manila and uh like like all these guys eichmann like they they they all made it out
like yeah if i'm at war with your country and during the handful of years we were at war
i'm finding out that you were uh uh diverting revenue to such causes as trying to sew a german
shepherd's head onto a human body or finding out if uh the devil's real and maybe we could
summon him here's here's what i'm not willing to do take anyone's word for it that like uh
oh yeah our boss is over there in the pit he looks like a skeleton with a mustache on it but
it's totally him i'd be like okay nazi if you see a skeleton with a mustache that was apparently
burned like what was his mustache made and here's the thing like i guess uh the leaders of the time
you know they were all all of the world leaders were like yeah i'll believe it when i see it like
it was kind of like an open thing that people are like oh yeah hitler's dead yeah right
yeah but he was hitler signings even all over the united states like once people realized what
happened and that they didn't really have a body you start hearing all over the world people
also lots of people look like hitler they saw a hitler over by the pool they saw him everywhere
but they did they did find like a dental that jawbone that they set the russians the russians
are the ones that finally verified it but they took so long it's almost like that's another it
just becomes more suspicious i'm not new usually a conspiracy theory guy because i think conspiracy
theories are cheating because you you just raise questions and and now more than ever we all i i feel
like there's no such thing as conspiracy theory it's a conspiracy uh uh speaking of conspiracy
theories uh alex jones is uh has he has he been deleted from youtube i hear that's a conspiracy
they're using it as a way to earn money be like youtube's taking us down and only you can give us
money to stop it and then youtube's like we don't care we fucking love nazis so did he did anything
did they take did they delete him from youtube or not as far as i understand
the what this is what's his name paul joseph watson that that uh he's a real piece of shit um but
he apparently admitted he was like no it's a fucking we're just using it to get a lot of money
it's our our youtube's fine but it's that's i think illegal to do to say to certainly the
nadir yeah wow the nadir of our civilization has to be at this point just because now we've we've
just hit the bottom with these um the way we're treating these high school kids uh that are bothering
after i mean 20 years they they weren't alive when columbine happened and then this happens in their
school i don't give a fuck what these kids think is the appropriate response i'm certainly behind
them like no one's done anything for them it's like it's we're treating them like chickens in a
fucking factory farm like we're like we're like putting them on a treadmill headed towards statistical
likelihood of mass death and uh and and the gall of anybody to say to a 16 to 17 year old kid who's
who's gonna go you know what uh hail mary uh uh maybe if instead of going home and shivering under
my bed and weeping um i uh say some shit and politicize this uh maybe maybe something will
change i like how do you how do you how do you fuck with that kid like like what like even if you
are evil like just like what the fuck like it's it's great we've we've hit so far below rock bottom
at that point where people are just like questioning these kids and making fun of them and like
scrutinizing them and not just the conspiracy theorists but really the the more vile of the
characters are the are the people that are like politically combating them and like going toe
to toe with them with witty repartee that's like this is a child like like what the fuck
have we are we doing and and to beat the horse bloody i i i we we we ceremoniously ritualistically
stripped katie rich snl writer who was off duty and made the joke baron trump's gonna be the first
homeschool shooter it's not even a joke that has to do with you know it's it's it's a it's a joke
it was a joke about how that poor kid has the worst family ever and and is never gonna have a normal
life and and in this orgy of we won and we're taking over the world like katie rich was taken
to a stake and she was tied to it and she was set on fire and she was burnt slowly and as far as i
know she's still laying low and enduring death threats and and whatever i don't know if she's
recovered or whatever i know she never got her job back at snl i know that they never had to even
do to the honor of telling her she was officially fired they just suspended her and then told her
she wasn't coming back like like we all took part in that because kids are off limits because when
it comes to joking around we got one rule but when it comes to blowing people's bodies across the
floor we got no rules it's fucking it doesn't even mean anything to say the words it's insane
anymore we've been saying it's insane the word insane means nothing did you hear that there's
that kid seventh grade who is going to shoot up his school but he went into the bathroom and killed
himself into the instead yeah it's getting to the point where we have to ask the mass shooters to
like solve their own end of the problem i'm so i'm sorry i'm laughing literally no one else can
do anything so if you're gonna shoot up a school why don't you kill yourself like that's that's
where we're at in society is like the people who are willing to commit mass murders are like
no this is this is actually crazy that i'm allowed to do this right so society is let this happen
and we sit up here and we tell these kids like you know if you're having thoughts that you've
never had before your your body is surging with hormones you you have god knows what going on
like like please just talk about it like don't hurt yourself don't hurt other people just talk
to someone about it talk to someone you can trust here's your hotlines like you know we we try to
handle these kids with care when kids do something wrong we try them in a different court we we the
idea is that before a certain age your your your neurology is forming and we we're supposed to be
protecting you it's it's it's insane that this is up for debate now it's it's it's insane that
that grown ass adults are are having like fucking weird flame wars with recent survivors of mass
occurs who are not old enough to vote yet um and who are just saying maybe if i say so i just can't
i mean i know that we all feel this way but what like how much further do we need to go
before the moral majority an unfortunate borrowing of a different groups uh title but the the silent
fucking normals the the the the relatively sane of us how how much further are we gonna get before
we go the rules are done now they don't have rules maybe it's like the third of the population
that's just never votes because they don't believe in the system and they're just watching the whole
thing burn down and it's like i yeah i i i stand where you stand uh a non-voter a disenfranchised
person person who doesn't think that anything but like okay but you gotta agree with me now
right there is a difference between watching a system that is fucked up and rolling your
eyes at it and watching children be abused like there's got to be a difference there's
got to be a point where and and and i guess what it's like not only not only do we have to stop
playing by the fucking rules that we made up and they've never followed but we've got to stop
bitching at each other we've got to stop minding our fucking language with each other um we gotta
put that shit on hold there not to mention the fact that there was a study just released that like
not shocking to me at all that uh the the average african-american family in 50 years has made
absolutely no progress in terms of of anything that actually matters the median income is
projected to be zero dollars it it's like like like that's fucking predictable and it's it's
fucking that should be a huge wake-up call for us we started trying to fix these problems by
minding our language in the 90s and we had that wave and then it subsided and all these things
people are laughing all the way to the bank when we ignore the the fundamentals of behavior and
class systems and things and and and we got we we are we have fallen for the oldest trick in the
book when we are standing at a at a at a at a protest with each other and someone uses the
wrong pronoun and we get in a fight with them instead of fucking facing off with the fucking
people with baby skulls on their helmets who are laughing at us because they have lost their souls
to apathy they have lost their souls to to choices they made so long ago that if they
un-make them now they'd be twice as humiliated as if they just went to hell and died not in that
order they they they they they they it's like we've got to i god bless you and your fucking
microaggressions watchdogging i i i i it's not that anyone wants your humanity to be divested
but can't you see that we are divided and the bad guys aren't like can't you can't you prioritize
can't you say first of all nazis are bad second of all killing children is bad third of all this
fourth of all this fifth of all this six of all this and by the way don't call me that it bums
me out now that we're fucking friends because we have to be or we're gonna die or put it this way
if you're cynical because i don't want you to have to make a choice let's put it this way since
we're going to die let's die friends let's die cool let's die arm in arm some of your fellow
liberals are stupid a good 85 of them some of your friends that you're gonna rely on as this ship
goes down are are gonna are gonna put their foot in their mouth they didn't grow up the same way
you did they don't know all their peas and cues they're gonna put their elbows on the table like
you have got to draw a thick heavy line somewhere in your own brain that separates that doofus
who's a fixer-upper for a later date or a side project along the way like from the fucking thugs
the barbarians the murderers they have targeted us they are trying to kill us they want us
dead they have looked at the numbers and they have decided that democracy doesn't work for them
because democracy doesn't work for the people that have more money than everyone they want us
to die because if we keep being more than them and alive they lose the popularity contest
they want lead in your water they want guns in your schools they want you arguing about whether
or not your jacket is racist with the person in the same income bracket as you whose kids are in
the same school as yours who are just as much at risk of the next mass shooting and and and I just
don't I like like like why can't we why can't we hierarchically just go well I'm in the American
League but then I'm on the Brewers you know like like like and I don't like the fucking this other
baseball team because I gotta play them for the pennant or whatever the fuck I don't like isn't
there isn't there a fucking natural thing that the human brain can do or you're like well
there's these giant teams good versus evil what is evil people who did not have your best interest
at heart people who don't believe in the species people who think that we are in the way people who
want pain and suffering to occur if it's a choice between that and them getting something like a
microwave oven I don't like like bad people uh like like you know what evil is you've seen it
like it happens in the gaps between our choices it's it's not a there's these humans are monsters
it's a it's a force it's a black cloud that overtakes you if you leave a vacuum where your
soul's supposed to be it enters you and you do it's bidding you you it's it's it's you these there are
some people that have been overtaken by this and their families have been overtaken by it
and maybe they'll there'll be casualties in a war between good and evil but if you're good
like you gotta even hope that they're redeemable let alone the fucking other good guy in the cockpit
next to you of the millennium falcon get your shit together america all right
i just don't i just when we got we got to this we right this is the road flare right
they're kids it's a repeat for anyone my age you know what this is it's a repeat of columbine
you we are all ashamed this blood is on our hands we saw this happen it's as if god picked
the body counts so we could wake up like go oh this is identical everything else has changed
i know like the blackbusters closed because videotape doesn't work anymore as as an industry
but you could kill the same number of kids with the same device that just as easily and there's
just as little legislation in the way that like like that the good guys should be the ones the
most ashamed about this because we haven't fucking done anything we haven't laid down on railroad tracks
yet and when you are a family or a survivor or a kid you come on like the tv and say something
there's a platform of people that go your your actors like you're being paid yeah it's just
like sandy hook there was all the crisis actor accusations around sandy hook those people are
insane they're like the lowest of the orcs and then there's like these like uh udakai or whatever
that are above them that are like no no i'm not saying it's a conspiracy but i'm just saying like
these kids sure are sure happy they're enjoying the spotlight they're not uh they're not really
it's like what the fuck are you doing the the children in your country they were not safe
the you want to talk about the world laughing at us
we don't have what the fuck country can you go to where children are this unsafe it's it's crazy
and i mean let's not forget not just these guys are actors and aren't they looking happy but hey
you should be killed you should fucking die i hope your whole family dies you should die
go to hell i will kill you yeah which is a bit a bit farther than uh just this guy i saw him in
california you know oh yeah all that crap so the the kids are getting their threats from
oh yeah oh yeah their families everyone it's great oh yeah my favorite though was the guy
i don't know who the fuck this guy was um but he his reaction was to say
look at how disrespectful these children are talking to marco rubio look at how disrespectful
they're being to the adults like i don't think that it's one person making this argument either
it's a lot of people raising that question and it's and and then some guy did a poll about it which
was like okay well how many people want their kids talking to adults like this and it backfired
because everybody was like oh if my kids talked like this i'd buy them a car it turns out attacking
massacre of his victims doesn't play well online and no it doesn't and and massacre or not who the
fuck cares who talks to a senator like the piece of shit that every single one of them are by virtue
of the vocation they chose this is a fucking america if you choose the occupation of politician
you're human garbage get used to it and don't fucking expect to be worshiped you're a fucking
piece of shit believe me the job comes with perks now eat my fucking shit and get back to work
representing me these people aren't royalty it's it's fucking ridiculous when did we it's it's
sane like like like we well you know i i swear to god i what we should do now that uh like
what 40 percent of our country just thinks that the president is a king the office not even just
the guy that's in there now but we just we just we just tend to look at this as like a popularity
contest and then you're prom king of the country we should we should now if we're gonna save our
country we should we should do this full circle thing where we emulate england make the office
of president a symbolic title for a person that can go around the earth waving their hand in a
weird way saying funny things at meetings and making big blustery speeches about what we stand for
while a fucking person that went to law school or a group of people that knows how to run anything
it can actually keep the country from from from going bankrupt like we just need we need a prime
minister we we could we can call it a secretary of leadership someone who will never surrender
i'm sorry to everyone listening who is only feeling the same thing and has said it a thousand
times and it's not like i'm doing anything different i it was either this or i was just
gonna you saw us sleepy i was at the top of the show i'm sitting i'm sitting on a fucking chair
i'm sitting on a lot of anxiety and sadness it's not there's only one thing to talk about
and it and it makes one sad so okay let's talk about the oscars and i'm just like
i i just i just don't have the energy for it i i i don't i i i i i i i i want to go back in a
time machine to the to the point i don't know when it was 2003 2001 i don't know when i when i
started thinking of maybe i could care about this species like instead of just shunning the whole
thing and like i just i just want to undo that mistake but i can't i have formed a relationship
with your obnoxious moronic half ape species uh that that that does the dumbest shit and it just
like i just like i i i i'm all of my money is tied into yours i my survival like i i didn't dig
a hole in 2002 and like make a bat cave like i should have i i didn't i didn't i didn't focus
all of my energy on being completely independent of you idiots but because i didn't i can't can't
you just can't you get your can't you fucking figure it out can't you like touch a monolith
and like evolve like like or there's somebody somebody do something
there's 300 million of us and we're just making such an ass of ourselves our kids these are kids
they're kids like we're we're eating our own children we're devouring them we're like feeding
them into this blender it's it's like we don't we it was bad enough 20 years ago and it was like
oh we started like like worshiping the sexuality of 14 year olds but more than we cared about the
wisdom of a 40 year old like capitalism gonna capital like but it's now now we now we're just
now we're just eating flesh we're just like worshiping a golden calf and just fucking
eating eating flesh and fucking the bite hauls and it doesn't it's like like we have we are we are
we are like guys don't make me yeah don't make me hide don't make me dig a hole and hide
i'm five years from retirement get your shit together i actually i i mean as much as
i go through like every thought that you're having like on a daily basis right now i was
feeling a lot more hopeless before these kids did start speaking up of course and they're really
inspiring right now and they've given me a hope for the future that i didn't have because i was
really worried about the the next generation coming into adulthood and voting because it's
right around the corner for them and if the rest of the teenagers of america are cutting through
the bullshit as easily as these kids then we might actually be okay i'm not so convinced i just think
you know they're excited now but it's not about being excited now it's about being willing to do
very boring tedious time-consuming stuff for the course of several months three years from now
you know and that's no yeah that's just a really hard thing yeah so that's yeah once we see that
the cynic in me thinks that while all this awesome progressive revolutionary activist movement is
happening among like high school kids there's a bunch of other kids who are going to perfect the
art of being fascists and and perfect the art of running for office and being more subversive
yeah and and like donald trump is a low-level fascist he's a he's a he's a clumsy like shitty sideshow
version of of a muslimi there's there's some young girl or boy in in school go oh if i want to be
president and be a horrible corrupt piece of shit all i have to do is uh pretend to tell the truth
and like the more awful shit is to come by far there's no way that trump is the end of the road
on oh we we had a we made a boo boo america we had a bad president we're gonna the next one's
gonna be so much worse and we're gonna have to outgrow the idea that that the office of presidency
means anything at all it's a stupid clerical office that shouldn't be a celebrity gig the idea
that we need leaders is the idea that we're we've decided that we're going to be um ancient roam
the republic must die so we can start worshiping dictators um the world is turning towards
autocracy all over the world um the next generation of autocrats and oligarchs are
going to be ours they're gonna be our children born in the fucking crucible of these fucking
uh high school shootings and shit we've just proven to ourselves that democracy is uh awkward
and untenable and the simpler thing is to let let uh dictators rule which is why goodness can't be
shackled by politeness it can't be shackled by anything because the only chance that we have
and i don't want to talk about it in terms of chances because the funny thing that happens is
when you you know we all we also don't want to lose that we want to protect ourselves and that's
how a third of us end up siding with apathy and entropy and again i just want to say to those
people how about this how about we're going to lose how about we've already lost now the call
to action to you is how do you want to go out do you want to kill a bunch of kids do you want to
roll around in a pile of money that doesn't matter because it's all ending or do you want to find
your style find your voice emerge from your uh defensive self-protective shell of apathy
so that you can be right about everything because yeah everything always falls apart
you if you stand back and say that i just i was that person too i still am that person i'm saying
like now that it feels like it's really getting close to the end like for shits and giggles
let's try some shit i don't know what that means but but i think these kids like the next generation
is what church is saying is that thank god we actually see that you could shoot up a school
and the kids that survive could actually turn out to have presence of mind concern for their fellow
man i apparently forgiveness of the system that led them to the swatter enough that they would
rather to try to reach out to it um they didn't all turn into little hitlers they didn't all
turn into little beavers and buttheads they didn't turn into little sydvicious's they didn't turn
into little rick sandcheses a handful of them at least turned into little uh activists activists
and and and and we need 20 of them for every one of these people that jeff's talking about because
of course they're gonna everybody that's grows up in this new world is gonna like the the the the
the it's yeah the high iq fascists are coming and they're gonna i hope to see on you know
march 24th the march for our lives um that there are more teenagers on board with this
movement than or not and i think that that's what we're gonna see i think that it's gonna be
i hope that it's going to be huge but already you know i mean kids are being told they can't
go in protest like you're gonna get in trouble if you go in protest because you're gonna skip school
whatever and kids are saying fuck you and so people are trying to keep these kids who want to
join in the fight from doing it by saying follow the rules and they're not following the rules
constitutional yeah i'm decided on a supreme court case if you're if you're one of these
kids and you can hear me like you just yeah you can't you can't listen to any of us you can't
it's right that's the thing because even us telling you this is us manipulating you and
that's the one thing you shouldn't do is get co-opted by anybody because that's that will
happen if you're successfully co-opted by alex baldwin then you become uh successfully dismissible
as a pawn like if somebody if somebody starts funding you somebody starts if there's an adult
at one of your meetings where you're planning a march or something uh then the enemy gets to
rightfully say well these aren't real kids this is a children's crusade they're still
fucking assholes well they're right they're they're they're they would be valid in saying that if
someone bought bought them and started coordinating them saying kids um uh don't skip school we can
do it on a saturday afternoon my name is mr hendershaw and i'm the i'm the 48 year old liberal
that's gonna like help you out thanks for thanks for having we we we was is it what an amazing
concept 16 year old speaking up um um wow uh now let's use that to get maxine waters elected
like i just don't trust anybody kids like like because it won't it doesn't matter if their heart's
in the right place or not your power right now is that you're all that we have left your power is
that we is that you're supposed to be off of the monopoly board and and and the game has has become
not a game anymore and you're the only thing that can help us think about the pressure uh what's
what's the uh the uh i call bs girl's name uh emma gonzalez emma gonzalez she now has way
more followers on twitter than the nr a and she's what 17 18 years old and the nr a has
fucking dank ass memes too so to be able to to be that day the nr a has dank ass fucking dank
ass memes bro there's our show title i don't know uh but like like she like she was eloquent
in the in the face of a massacre and now she's going to be held to a horrible scrutiny of like
like of asshole men and like men's rights activists and all this shit nr a fucking loony tunes like
she now her life is now having to be famous for speaking up but also i think it's crazy
that the idea that we have to worship leaders of any kind like i say pour all that energy to
protecting these kids and it really has to be literally protecting them it can't be helping
them it has to be shielding them um because it it it's good to be disenfranchised by politicians
and this is what happens to a society in in total crisis is that it's like it's like these kids are
going to either be eaten alive um in which case the dragon's going to get even stronger
and it's we'll just look at it as a children's crusade there was just the final death throes of
sanity which we sent our children marching into into the fray and and because we were we were out
of soldiers um or birming in alabama they sent the kids out to protest they all got hosed down and
the dogs were sent on them and it was like a major turning point right these these these poor kids
before anyone i'm 45 and i have i don't have a bone in my body that's prepared to make a sacrifice
and these kids are 16 and they they they have to endure an actual christ myth like they have to
actually atone with an with some fucking crazy garden of guest them any um uh impersonal force
that answers by not answering when you say take this cup away uh and they they have to march
forward to golgotha um knowing that there is no fucking like celebration at the end of it
they got that is like like it's only going to be abuse as like you you're going to have your
childhood taken away from you i i i i i think that happened when that's why if we if we care at all
we have to just we have to just we have to just whatever this means figuratively we have to just
gather around them in a giant bubble with our backs to them facing outward um while they do
whatever they want to do until they drop dead from exhaustion and any bullet fired their direction
figuratively or literally hits one of us and that's what we have to do that's what's that's what's
upon us in the face of this if we care i don't know what that means i don't know how that actually
physically like expresses itself i don't know what to do i just feel like i just i just want
these kids to understand like that you know sorry like like like start sorry that our football team
so shitty that you're on the field with no equipment um and the ball is spiraling in the air
and there's 400 linebackers headed towards you i don't know anything about football
but uh should we just porch corner but but but i but i do know either either by virtue of the
fact that we were we were never going to win or by virtue of the fact that this is the only way
we're going to win that this is this is all this is all we got and you're doing the right thing
don't listen to your parents don't listen to your parents when they tell you they understand
don't listen to your parents when they tell you uh that your life is going to be ruined uh don't
don't don't don't listen to them don't don't don't let them trick you in any way you have to use them
you have to love them like but don't let them get in your head because they don't have the
answers i am your parents age i did nothing i watched i watched all you kids die when you were my age
age and and i did nothing so don't listen to us accept support not advice is my advice if someone
says here's $500 make them sign a thing that says it's it's it's a gift i don't i don't know i i i
guess actually spin on it and throw it back on their face because they've already taken like
two and a half million dollars sorry i thought that was a joke no no yeah um that's what i mean
it's like it doesn't invalidate them to take money it's like give them money no they're a movement now
and movements need to raise funds to keep going you can't do this shit forever for free luckily
they've grown up in a world where it's like you can just go online and become this character and
make a living that way so they do kind of see this pathway but it's not just like they're not
just you know like oh how do i become a public figure you know it's like they've seen people
their age being public figures for years and years and they have a great reason to uh be out there
you know i hope we're we're we're dying empire it happens we had a good run uh we're portugal
we're we're we're england we're spain we're we ruled the world for a couple hundred years and it's
over and we're not going to go gracefully into that good night we're not going to go gently
what we're going to do is grab and profiteer as much as we can we're going to we're going to take
like the the people in power are going to steal as much as they can and then go team up with the
next new empire be that china or russia or north korea or whatever the fuck like like we did it
we're done we're fucked you can't be um a thousand year empire you can't be a rike that goes on for
fucking on and on and on uh we blew it we had a chance we did kind of a good job we made a lot
of white people rich uh we made a lot of black people unhappy and now we don't care about the
murder of our own children this is the end we actually had a pretty short run yeah it should
have been shorter we we've squandered a lot of it we're we're we're too greedy which we we we
well i don't think it's also a global phenomenon what's happening right now it's not just our it's
not just our american empire that's just because we lasted 200 years compared to i mean in rome
like you would go six generations before you got your mail like everything moved at the
speed of a campfire so like i i you know if you adjust for technological inflation we we were
oh yeah i yeah exactly like if it took 30 years to build an aqueduct 200 years managing eight
billion people uh yeah and all their money we burned brighter we burned faster we burned out
and i i don't think there's any shame in that i think what you do is you go fuck it we're
we're portugal and now let's go out as the empire that at the at the eleventh hour
like uh fucking arnold and terminator two giving the thumbs up like like that thumb is we love our
edward furlongs we love our kids like we were we lost we don't stop it change that quit it jeff
love kids i'm i'm i'm i'm agreeing with you you're right we we won't put that thumb up as we go down
into the uh into the thing we support david hog 1111 that's his that that's his twitter handle
uh i don't think there's any shame in just saying like we are a great empire in a long
line of great empires that had their run and it's over like we like now let's try to find a graceful
way to enter into the next like into our middle age or we still got it come on man we win it back
the shame is in is in is in looting what what because we see that like the shame is inciting
with entropy it doesn't matter if entropy is going to win or not the shame is inciting with it i also
think that there's there's two things that kind of led to what's going on right now and you can
look back at realm for this example as well as one is the disbelief that it's even possible that
this can happen like there's this notion of american superiority and this american dream idea this ideal
that we're all kind of uh raised with that says like well america can never fail it will always
work out it will always work out so there's a sense of denial uh in the american spirit
that really is in disbelief of what's actually happening right now and then also on the flip
side there's also the people who are like oh it's you know it's always been fucked up and it's
gonna be fucked up and whatever it's over it's been over and why bother trying to change it
so in between those two perspectives are people who might actually try to do something to make
something better right now despite all evidence that it's either futile or whatever and you know
these kids are trying and maybe they maybe they succeed and maybe we can turn it around i think
it's worth yeah jack quick doubting the kids it's well it's worth a fucking shot right i believe
in kids there's a whole generation coming up right now we're about to see what happens where we have
to like pick a new leader like like oh it's going to be this person that's going to save us there's
going to be one new like figurehead that's going to save democracy that's crazy right that approaches
flawed yeah yeah and so like like yes turn out go vote go change in uh you know at the midterms
like like go go make things happen but also don't root for your next bernie sanders or hillary or
or trump or whoever like the idea that we have to pick one person to make things all right to be the
leader like of our rock band uh it's crazy but i don't see that happening what i see is a lot of
people suddenly actually getting involved in their local governments holding their representatives
accountable starting to go to these town hall meetings starting to make phone calls all shit
like that we've learned in the last year more than we ever knew before about how government works
because of this catastrophe we are sort of there is a silver lining here with trump is a sort of
like he's a rodeo clown and he's a as jeff says he's a amateurs autocrat yeah he also is sort of
like a thinly veiled drape over the fact if we play our cards right if we get through this it could
be the way that we realize the important thing which is that the office of the president is not
is not supposed to be empowered and isn't that empowered that that that we are a republic and
that our representatives in all of this is this fucked up cheer system that this is an incredibly
important this this should be like underpaid low-level nerds that take care of us that you
can tell to go fuck themselves because if they can't handle being talked to by a 16 year old
that's just been shot at by an air 15 like they're a fucking moron then they don't qualify for the
job get me in get me a fucking accountant in that office get me a lawyer in that office so i i have
a million people on my payroll who know full well that that that that whether they like me or not
they could go home and fantasize about me falling downstairs and breaking my neck but during the
10 minute phone call about my taxes they go absolutely absolutely that's what you're supposed
to say to the american public if you're a fucking congress person and and and these these are the
people that are important and and and they need to stop fucking acting like just because they're
below the radar that they're like not capable of shitting up our country and they're they're
being held accountable for the first time ever because also with such an inept leader which
is where everyone usually is looking is that the the the you know the the wizard of Oz sitting up
on top of the hill is supposed to be the source of everything meanwhile there's all these other
cogs in the machine that no one's really thinking are very important and they never are in their own
damn states they're not actually talking to the people that they represent they're all up in
washington talking to lobbyists and shit so now that we have this inept guy in the office of the
presidency suddenly people going wait how does this work okay so i have to deal with my state
legislators and okay who are they where do i find the directory for the people i call about this
shit that's happening we need campaign reform so fucking bad it's it's it's been the most ludicrous
journey it's just like going like over and over again 85 percent of the american public
87 percent um that you better believe that includes all the fucking people that hate each other
all agree campaign reform i don't know who the fuck these 15 percent are i guess they're probably
the fucking parasites the the the rich people and but everyone else is like yeah you gotta get money
out of politics you just gotta get it out it's not it doesn't work and then so okay what's the first
step well let's make a law against money in politics okay let's take that vote uh come to order all
the people it's an absurd it's like a comedy sketch like but we got to that poor mailman who
rode his helicopter bike under the front steps of the capital law and whatever the that it was
just like i just he had one message campaign reform we need that so bad it would solve every other
problem make these people civil servants make that make this job that you know why tv is good now
because they're getting so many channels so many ways to watch tv that all the shit-faced
coke addict fucking uh suit clad assholes that never gave a fuck about what you watched on television
and looked at tv as a great way to fuck actresses and make a bunch of money their salaries didn't
get very high like like they started getting bored and they left and breaking bad happened
like like that is what you do to this country if you want to save it you suck the fucking money
out of the spots that are important you suck the capitalism out of the things that are crucial
education medicine uh and for my money the transformers franchise hell yeah what about
the you know what that should never have been a for-profit venture these are robots that turn
into cars okay this belongs to the people what's up with pacific rim is pacific rim about transformers
is that i don't know the specific rims about transformers it's also about godzillas
any other questions you actually answered all my questions hell yeah
in the future humans fight godzillas with giant robots um the place where i turned it off is when
they started talking about how you need two pilots one to to balance the mental strain of the link
that felt are we talking about transformers or pacific rims that's pacific rims okay like when
they started backpiping this shit about how you always need two pilots i'm like well i smell a rat
here uh plot wise like i feel like something's being forced on to me that stuff like that always
pisses me off because it's like i know how machines work like i know how today's machines work like
you can't say you can't put a steering wheel on a fucking giant robot isn't like a producer
meeting where they said like come on we need to say hello to your new partner scene well right
was the partner the robot no the robot's a car well who's the partner then does he drive the feet
i don't know what if it's just the emotional strain yeah there's two partners they both do it
finally we protected the say hello to your new partner scene the lynch pin of all great movies
have you seen these movies do you know i turned it off when they started with they in the big the
movie begins the first movie begins with like fucking lord of the rings like vio doesn't
first there was an ocean then the godzillas came and then we found out we needed two pilots one
to handle the mental strain and i was like click because i was like i i got a heart no time i would
watch that movie if you if they were that honest about it first there was notion then the godzillas
you you know why you'd keep watching because you'd go finally a movie cutting to the fucking business
yes so if the third thing they said was every robot of course needs two pilots let me finish the uh
you'd go okay you fucked up our relationship you came in here with like fucking sexy pants and
like you you you you're cutting through the shit you know it's like that first date where you're
like i don't even believe in monogamy yeah me neither is like and then and then you're rolling
around in the bed and it's like here's the thing like uh you need to be a dentist when you meet my
parents what this is so complicated it is complicated but it was fun i thought we were down to the
fucks so pacific ram is about godzillas coming out of the ocean and fighting who who who's the
good guys or the bad humanity humanity humanity's a good guy yeah bad guys are pacific rim boogins
that come out of the godzillas yeah the fissures out of the pacific rim out of the pacific rim
itself yeah so they come out of the volcanic cracks these tectonic plates giant ladybugs
giant grasshoppers they call them kaiju kaiju which is japanese for big monster or some shit
for big monster or some shit i think it's actually big monster or strange things
can i make a controlling uh like executive decision here why are you asking let's get these
dnd sheets out we have you know we've got to play but also we need like at least five ten minutes
to talk about yeah yeah where the fuck we were because it's been a long time i say for better
or for worse we get back into this last time there was a there was a bear inside a toilet
and there was some people running and we had a dude and there was a shambling mask and uh yeah
we need spencer to break it down for us and tell us where we were
here do we need we need a levy up here right you might just in the birthday boy get up here
steve levy to the stage
uh
speech speech speech
steve before we dispense the church church everybody she's left us
uh levy if you
if you could win like if you could accept one oscar what category like if you were up there
tonight what oscar would be the dream like category for you to accept one academy award
what would the category be like it could be actor it could be supporting actor producer
it's hard it's hard there's the there's the the the the one that i actually think i'm like if you
know my cards are played right eventually i guess i could win the like producing best picture
yeah best picture yeah you know that that could be but like what would be your like that might
be the most likely or right is that the one that you want the most or would you like to just be
yeah some other category i guess either that or best actor right those are the two best biggest
ones what was the question i was texting a guy that's down i'll ask you the same question since
you were texting a guy well that's obvious which category pick any oscar category what would be
the one that you would like to win like if you were up there tonight accepting an award obviously
costume design i knew it i knew it like nobody ever does it right they don't understand you gotta
make you gotta make really big uh poofy hoop skirts you gotta make the poofy hoop skirt super
high colors i think it could win a best original screenplay oscar i don't even like your tone
like is this something about your tone the he might be able to get like fifth the best movie
what i what i what i what i what i heard in that was that i that the the lazy writer that it's
probably won't know you're kind of like i think i think dan could i think i could do it no that's
not no of course i could do it question is will i answers no because i'm retiring in five years i
control i still think you are you retiring because you don't think you're good enough to win best
best original screenplay that's what he told me i found out tv is a better racket than movies you
know i'm i'm i'm as long as i got my pride spencer how about you what category best supporting
actress right what are we talking about i was i was gonna say the same thing went by the way
with all of our our non-binary uh revolution what are we what are we gonna chop into that with an
ice pick what well the concept that that that acting is divided by gender two genders instead of yeah
i mean what oh shit yeah well yeah how far away are we from like like best act like whatever the
pronoun probably just actor right like like like like but without yeah without having this like
actress and actress and well i i mean the thing that will make that happen is when somebody is a
trans character that wins best transgender role and they can't say best actor or actress well
in you know in most cases they will be able to because they'll be identifying as either a man
or a woman right so that it have to be a very specific like a gender trans person yeah we got
some time i wonder who won best cisgender male tonight yeah so yeah we will never give in yet
we will always be cisgender
i am coming out in a state of heteronormative nature yes i will be headed we will be heteronormative
on the beaches we will be heteronormative in the fields we'll be heteronormative on the landing
grounds we'll always be cisgender did that thing really happen where he got on the subway and asked
everybody whether no it didn't happen he didn't get on the goddamn subway pole
hello governor i'm a fucking uh my name is roger jones that's bullshit never if it happened
fuck you it certainly if it happened fuck you it certainly didn't happen on his way back to the
house of lords to go deliver that speech where he goes you know what i just talked to eight people
that weren't rich people and they really fucking well i also did the funny thing about that about
that scene is that it's used as if it's a plot point but what he does with that information is he goes
he goes back to his political parasite friends and says i i talked to mary joe peasley and
geronimo johnson and and and and and they take his word for it and it's almost like it's almost
i think maybe the story is that he said i once he won best actor well that's what i'm saying
i mean he just he just won it he won it like 25 minutes ago fuck him but but but but but but
that's what i'm saying yeah i think that's is that that was that was the actual point of the story
is that he whether he did it or not he said he did it so if he didn't do it the story is that he
lied they probably truncated the fact that he actually did go listen to some like common people
and do it but the fact that he went on a subway and then that was what made that speech happen i
find a little like it's another one of those things where i what was the other thing sometimes i see
something oh it was like it was the uh cheeseburger phone calling frost nixon i i where i'm like
that's so like jammed down the muzzle that it either has to be true or it's like the crazy egregious
you gotta jam it down the muzzle all right dan pass down those uh those character sheets
spencer hey guys please do me a favor no and fill me back in on what the hell
all had gone on recently okay awesome campaign well and and tell you what don't play your music
cue so that he feels like he has to perform it let him
eat dinosaurs if you want information and you want it to be good let them fucking yeah
spencer did you add a sheet to our um yeah i think dan had that sheet but i'm gonna give it to you
because you're more fastidious oh it's the group loot sheet it's our group loot
all right spencer refresh our memories please all right you guys were in dore nester on the
quest for patching's gem you infiltrated the town to get information and you found some
information that seemed to link this mysterious theater that seemed to be some sort of institution
in the town to shrove and also information that said that shrove might be in the bathroom of a
tavern so you decided to have juxtro from the tavern after the tavern master told you that
that would be a bad idea and it resulted in a big brawl so you guys escaped from the brawl and the
brawl followed you outside into a back alley where uh you guys escaped um after jeff started a fire
and then dan used like uh essentially a flash bomb like a like a like a blinding light to cover your
exit um then you met up with a shambling mound who took you to safety in uh that was north of a pig
farm in the wall of the city the Schrab here right now um well he's not in the building uh yeah
Schrabs here quiet yeah he's just doing that thing he does where he he's in stealth Schrab mode he's
in silent running the well-known secret Schrab there's a well-known behaviors of Schrab that was
my fault that was a dumb question it's fine so uh yeah you were north of of uh yeah this pig farm
in this kind of wreckage of a wall that he was calling a house and it had a window in it um
so you had shrove you started i'll say interrogating although that's a really loose way to refer to it
ouch um to everyone's a critic i am yeah no that's that's most of my job is critiquing what you guys
are doing and being frustrated um so we didn't torture him good enough i we we he had a feel
like you might have a dragon tattoo on his back was that important did we they hit a hit a dragon
mark tattoo well i did say it so yeah it was a dragon tattoo that we identified with one of gary
shamblings books as being part of this dragon cult that uh dragon mark not a cult so wait well it's a
dr and we asked him as uh can he read the uh guild script in the uh note so he translated the note
and and he wouldn't he stopped short of giving us the location of the drop point for pachens gem
right he but we know that the note had a drop point and that the time was within hours and gary
it was drop point north right yeah and Garry Shandling also had a map that had all of like a
list of locations in or around the town and it was written in that guild language so you couldn't
read it but it also seemed to have locations on it is Garry is Garry Shandling still with us right now
you just asked that answer me again well i'll get there well let them let them go finish the yeah
so you guys had that you were on the cusp of making a big discovery and um then instead of holding
him i think i think you switched to tying him up but uh dan had steve tie him up and steve did a
bad job tying him up so he ended up just kind of slipping out of his bindings and sneaking out of
the window although it would be fair when he started sneaking out of the window you guys kind
of just let him leave like you didn't chase him or like try and grab i can speak to that
i think your memory is you're kind of looking back on it going am i a great dungeon master
and you're gonna tend to go yeah no i think i'm terrible well here's what happened it was a bit of
a fracas right we were beating him um yeah and he according to you he fucking like ninjaed out of
his ropes and started beating the fuck out of us i don't think revealing himself to be super
powerful and then he like blew out the window like a goddamn pixie i like like it was it was
you're making it seem like we watched him slowly crawl out the window like this guy
like like revealed that he had like npc powers that were like you're never supposed to kill me i'm
supposed to fucking kill you and it's jump jump and it was like yeah i was like and then he like
jumped out the window like a laser beam i don't i mean i'll believe you if you say he attacked but
i don't remember him attacking you i just remember you guys all had combat turns i didn't try and i
grab him down that this is trove won't cooperate we beat him up yeah he for sure kicked our ass
he took a piece out of us i think he fought you pretty hard when you initially fought him in the
dark but i don't remember him fighting you really hard enough but i can't i was already almost dead
which is why that's the problem yeah yeah that that's the thing is you're already almost dead
so he escaped into the night um i also have written down spencer in my notes that the top
priority is the purse that was the light that was what the note said the note said the purse the
purse is up the the purse is the gem drop point north is the town of door naster uh all right go
ahead um so then you guys you were like i don't know what we should do and um then pat no not
patching steve was like uh i know what we should do ask more questions and you went to the store
owner and the store owner was like i don't know and then he sprayed you in the face with presumably
knockout juice and uh you guys were like we love this adventure we're on and we want to keep doing
the adventures forever well i mean are you is that your way of giving us a second chance no no that
was just my memory are you doing it bit are you guys doing a bit where you pretend not to remember
anything that happened but then suddenly have perfect memory of certain moments i do have
perfect memory of one aspect of it which is that i fully fucking bailed in humiliation
and i i was like i don't know what i'm doing we fucked up at the house where we set the
guy's house on fire we fucked up here again and i started walking down the road with my
compatriots and one of them the erstwhile diarrhea jr doubled back over our protests to go to go
fucking hang out hang out in a town that nobody likes us in that we're we just yeah and and that
was the way we ended it is that jeff and i were like on the road and we had told this kid don't
go back and he went back and then you told him he got captured and then that's where we had said
fuck i don't remember fuck passions gem we're gonna go back to town and start start a new right
well i'm very happy to rewind a little bit so that we're not on the road leaving town because
i feel like the benefit of a month of thinking about our decisions is like well is dry there's
a drop point in in doran ester drop point north we did we're on the quest for passions gem passions
gem is being dropped off like like so i don't know where you want to place us and i gave my version
and yeah what do you want to definitely call it quits and i ran back i don't remember how do you
want to how do you want to you're outside of town well that okay yeah so we have left uh
diary a jr behind because he wanted to fucking interrogate people back in no you don't leave
him behind you guys were leaving he was like you know what fuck this i'm a young upstart with nothing
to lose or you know whatever like the kids like the kids from the shooting yeah that was when i
originally started writing this adventure i was like one of these days is gonna be a setup this is
gonna be a socially resonant metaphor all right well it hit it hit home wait are so did we bail
on passions gem didn't we decide i did yes i'm not i'm not willing to corroborate that well i did
we were on the road outside of town because i said let's just just get out of here it's the
reason i ran back into town i don't want to give up on it the area juniors is still on the quest
for passions gem you and i said fuck it let's just restart let's let's hit control alternate
let's go somewhere else yeah do another thing but okay so where where are we standing right now
Spencer uh you're outside of the town it's surrounded by a big thick wall that's about 10
15 feet tall so it's like you're kind of outside it's a day or night it's nighttime it's dark um
it's it's being lit by the flickering light of a town on fire are we on foot um me me and carlos
you're on foot yeah yeah there's a town i said to carlos carlos i feel bad that dj is back
in town we like we're nothing if not a team we're not even good as a team but we're worse alone
we should go get dj back right look or don't look i mean i it's nighttime i'm not a good leader
like i i i i fucked up i just i just but i we were we were a team walking out of town
and then diarrhea went back like he shouldn't have we told him not to okay i he'd be standing
with us right now if we if he had been a team i whistle i do like a like i can't do it i put
my fingers in the mouth and do a whistle that i think that diarrhea junior would recognize you make
the whistle yeah no you hear nothing he's all right well we we have to we have to get our ducks in
a row about this uh this this drop point like it's if we're if we're gonna complete the quest
for pachens gem it is upon us i would argue that uh diarrhea junior even it's like secondary to it
because the deadline for one of them is within hours that's the one thing that we knew and we
just don't know where in door nester uh the the drop point for the gem is drop point north we have
to find drop i believe drop point north is door nester and it's the actual location within door
nester that he wouldn't give us he read it and he wouldn't give it to us he's he's using that dragon
mark uh knowledge to read the thing he saw crucial information i mean obviously he has
more loyalty to his kind i guess that would make him a person to follow if we could figure out where
he would go who uh shrove shrove yeah it'd go to the theater i mean drop point north if i'm a if i'm
a band of shitty people that doesn't mind killing people to get a gem and then i'm arranging to
drop it off and i mean where do you go i have no idea we can't go back into town they all know us
we can't go back to door nester i think we just we just set it on fire and and and uh i just i
mean maybe the passions gem thing was just a wild goose chase maybe we just all right you know what
let's split the difference let's go rescue shitface shitface diarrhea the kid that he's your friend
do you call him a shitface now he doesn't he went back i was told him not to i just whistled he
didn't respond but maybe he's having a good time it means he's let's go let's go sneak back into town
do you have any way of disguising people huh just stealthing them you are wearing like a weird clown
outfit that you buy i'm wearing a weird clown outfit maybe maybe you should take that off because
it's right we're wearing when we set fire to the town and i go back in my regular colorful uh
numb druid cool i cast appear as someone else i don't think you have it okay all right just
it's a good spell though all right yeah meanwhile um diarrhea you get sprayed in the face um
biochemical what's your fortitude save do you know where saves are uh on the left side
maybe a third of the way down yeah it says total is three okay
all right you can feel yourself getting woozy as you lose consciousness
oh boy you're out cold he got sprayed by what by uh chemical like a guy sprayed him with something
because he was back there trying to talk shit and make friends yeah he was asked he was talking to a
store owner all right soon after or you know an indiscriminate amount of time or an indeterminate
amount of time afterwards you wake up in a wooden room lit by candles the wooden room you can tell
the walls are are these black stained wooden planks and the smell of this room is a bit wet and
earthy kind of musty um you're tied up with just so much really heavy rope you're in like a place
where there's kind of it looks maybe like a lounge area there's like couches and a card table and
you see about three people in the room oh and then there's also you see patches who's he's tied
up as badly as you but he's knocked out and he's across across the room like you're on opposing
walls um so yeah there's a fire and there's a door in one direction in a hallway in one direction
and you can also see a big bulletin on the bullboard on the wall and a target and they're
kind of full of knives is this is this so much later that i mean shouldn't we i mean if he was
unconscious for a while shouldn't we you didn't care about him in in x amount of time so the
scene we just had was time shifted okay that was just not caring about him well it was yeah it was
yeah like the time it took us to walk outside of town yeah because he ran back in and he were like
well he'll come back he won't come back whistle you know all that so he's in a room with knives
on the wall yeah there's like a bulletin bar and a map on the wall and they're all kind of full
of knives like uh yeah like throwing knives like people are throwing throwing knives so i just woke
up yeah and you're tied up to a wall i see patches and i see three people in the room with me yeah
they're at the card table playing cards okay in my mind i'm thinking oh fuck oh fuck what the hell
is going on there's patches uh i'm i can't move but i decided i'm gonna play it really cool and be
like whoa this room is sweet uh hey guys uh i'm i'm diarrhea people call me dj for short uh thank
you for bringing me to your party i want to play games what games are you playing what uh he's awake
go hit him one of the guys comes over and he punches you in the face oh keep quiet you're a
prisoner you're our prisoner what shut up well why am i a prisoner because you guys were trying
to kidnap shrove i mean you did kidnap shrove i i gave him i was throwing money at him i i was not
trying to kidnap him uh yeah i'm sure there's three people who's that other guy across the room why
is he tied up he's another weirdo we don't know who he's associated with but now that there's a
bunch of strangers coming in like committing kidnappings we decided not to take any who did that
guy kidnap we don't know but we didn't recognize him we're not taking risks what's your name my name
yeah oh yeah your name is oh yeah oh Jesus
this is a very confusing conversation my name is clam double clam double yeah like the the seafood
got it is that your given name or is that your nickname no we all have nicknames down here
how did you earn how did you earn that one it's fascinating i'm not talking to you
you're a prisoner shut up okay all right so so back to not you steve back to not steve
you guys so carlos and i are outside of doran us wondering whether we should go back and
we got to go back you kind of wanted to go back it's out yeah we got to go back and get dj and
fucking figure shit out uh we uh i'm gonna you know take the uh i'm not gonna walk up the main
road i'm gonna creep through the tall grass the back back back back roads and i'm trying to
trying to be sneaky it's not my specialty how do you okay so there's two main entrances in
and out of doran ester or you could like climb over the wall or something yeah i mean what is the
main entrance guarded uh it's usually guarded but because of the fire the guards are helping with
the fire all right well looks like we can go on through we can sneak in where is he we're we're
we're we're gonna look i guess we go to the theater we go to the theater
yeah so we remember where the theater is right we had there okay you go to the theater it's a
large black modern looking building made out of black stained planks there's uh the large front
door is uh is closed as it was before all right i don't recommend we knock
um i open the door all right it's locked i unlock the door how do you how do you try to do that
i use my uh lock i don't know that you have thieves tools or anything let's look around the
building for other points of ingress okay all right around the back you can see there seems
like a little kind of kitchen area there's a small door and it's got a couple windows that's
how you can see there's like it looks kind of like a kitchen there's uh kitcheny stuff i try to open
one of the windows uh it's locked is there anybody uh in the kitchen uh no it seems like
it's uh pretty quiet inside try the small door uh it's locked i take my quarter staff and break
a window and then i can clear out the glass we can crawl through all right you do it it's great you
punch a hole clean through the window it's just like it's uh it's not like a big shattering it's
just kind of like you just knocked a big chunk out of the glass and it just kind of landed on
the floor in one big piece perfect yeah you open the window can you when you get through can you
open the door for me yeah i i crawl through and open the window for him hell yeah that happens now
you're in a kitchen you see sausages and cheese oh yeah i take i take two sausages and one cheese
okay just just in case that's fair all right uh what's our plan our plan is to find diarrhea
junior or shrove well yeah i mean in that order i guess well we don't know yeah we don't know that
either of them are here but i guess uh should we split up cover more ground yeah let's let's let's
split up you like it when we split up right yeah there's only one door though okay let's not split
up until we get through a door that has more than two doors let's stay together through this first
door good idea i we open that door all right you you go through uh the door and you see a narrow
hallway that leads into the main space of the uh theater itself like so you can see kind of the
main audience space and then the main stage which is a pretty huge construction there's catwalks overhead
and kind of rigs for ropes and curtains and stuff like that to the right there's a door and then to
the and then past that door there's also another door to the right and then um then there's kind
of like a backstage area but those are the only kind of rooms there's there's only the only rooms
you see are like these two rooms the kitchen and then this whole big kind of stage space uh well
there's two doors i'll take the first door i'll take the second okay i listen at mine first
you don't hear anything in either okay i open i try to open the first door it's uh it's a bathroom
it looks like a nice bathroom like it's a performers bathroom i take a giant
shit it's great you feel well taken care of okay what's behind my door it's like uh it's like a
green room kind of lounge area there's just kind of sitting and it's kind of centrally
located to be kind of near the stage and kind of out of the way it's uh pretty empty yeah nothing
no no no ways out from there no it's just yeah it's just like uh like a dressing room let's
check backstage all right so i'm done taking a poop and i come out and rejoin carlo so we go backstage
all right all right you're searching around in the backstage and you find a number of levers
there's five levers they seem to be connected to various ropes and things uh like that like winches
and pulleys and sandbags sort of things if we're running through here later let's pull all of these
and maybe some shit will fall on the people chasing us yeah i like that all right uh anywhere
anywhere to go um no it's just it's like behind a stage you know oh all right so we're just on
stage let's go back to steve hey hey guys hey hey guys do you like pizza do you like pizza
pizza doesn't exist uh what are you talking about i actually don't know this is a good question
do you like the word pizza i just made it up yeah it sounds great cool me too bros for life
bros for life hell yeah i like you guys we hate you why it seems unfounded i didn't do anything wrong
yeah no you guys killed you you guys are like attacking our people who's you guys these strangers
are coming into our town we saw you with them yeah because i'm like they're slave you saved me
that's a new development you didn't lead with that what you knew why you were captured
we i i mean you got to do what you're told to do when you're a slave but Steve while you're
talking you can hear footsteps above your head unlike the wooden boards
i just start making fart noises really loud with my hands oh wait i can't do it with my hands so
what i can do with my my mouth so i'm just going like i'm just like that's the sound like i know
that they'll understand what's happening you know like all right carlos you hear a farting sound
did you hear that fart sound followed by the sound of guards beating someone out it's hard not to
abuse this inside information uh i heard a fart yeah i mean that's the sound that he always makes
when he's in trouble sounds like he's below us yeah all right i i look for a way to get down
like below the stage um the stage is kind of sealed off but uh wait let's do a search if he's
making those fart sounds either he just makes them constantly or he could hear that means that
means that that's his way of communicating does that mean he could hear us up here he heard footsteps
above well i think then so did the bad guys well the bad guys are working steve over for making
farting sounds um but yeah it's the jeff you spy you spy the the thinnest faintest outline of a
rectangle a trap door in the stage i open that rectangle trap door you can't it's like you can't
you can't sneak your little fingers in there it's so such a tight thing and levers i i i examine the
lever mechanisms and see if like i assume like you know i i'm no stranger to the theater uh as a
as a man of the cloth uh you know it's all performance um so i'm looking at pulleys and
ropes and going like well is there anything that i can rule out as something that would
potentially open the trap door um there's one that seems like it's definitely not the trap
door i found it's in the middle i got down to four okay i guess i just start pulling them all
all right uh walk me through the methodology you start with one and then wait or something
uh yeah because you know there's like cockpits smashing all the buttons simultaneously it's
i'm one at a time i'm i'm no i'm just i'm going i'm going like this here's what i'm doing
crank crank crank crank like i'm not really waiting to see what happens okay um yeah you pull them all
a couple sandbags drop out of the out of like the rafters and stuff and smash into the ground
and just kind of spill sand over and then uh the the trap door starts lowering in the stage
sweet oh starts lowering like yeah it's like retracting into the below grounds like it's like a
is it a hinge or what is it no it's like a lift oh okay so it's going down like a dumb waiter
like a power platform oh okay i i i get on that lowering platform uh you do that you're on it
it's lowering what about you dan can i fit on there with oh yeah chad i could like hold a horse or
all right well let's fucking do a horse eat low sources all right so we're lowering down on the
thing yeah um yeah you go into the thing you see uh it's kind of like a waiting room um
kind of area it's completely empty there's no one in it it seems like there's a place where you could
put your weapons and other equipment and some coat racks and stuff it's just kind of like a
waiting area for you to hang out for you to stage goods in the platform area for the trap door and
stuff there's a door hmm all right listen at the door yeah all right what do you what do you want
to do how do you want to do this um i uh i'm looking for my spells real quick not that i think this
is gonna be an issue but we should probably try to take one of them alive i'm not i'm not i'm not
assuming we're gonna be able to kill them all dan you realize that your health is really low
wait but i thought oh yeah i guess uh shit what do you think well i thought yeah i guess i lost
track i thought that i uh i i give him some good berries do you have any well i can heal myself right
yeah um how do i do that am i am i am i giving up a uh spell so if you find what spell loadout you
have you can turn any level one or two spell into a heal spell i'm gonna conveniently assume i was
doing loadout three offense i think you were so i will uh yeah i will sacrifice my inflict
moderate wounds touch um in order to heal myself how much damage does that do um 2d 8 plus one
okay does that matter or the healing is the same basically so but what if i had said someone monster
two well it's just specifically inflicted healer the same spell but opposite so so i couldn't i
wouldn't have been able to sacrifice someone monster two to do a heal spell no you could
and it would be the same then why did you ask oh you just asked us a shortcut because so you
didn't have to look it up right okay you gain back 12 health all right so uh what what's burning
hands by the way i can't i can't find the descriptor it's an aoe spell it deals your level three i think
it should deal 3d 4 damage in a big arc that's if i just touch people or it it shoots it out like a
flamethrower aoe is age of empires all right so area of the fact we're it's it's after 10 o'clock
so we we're at the door right now you're healed up we're ready to go in there and find diarrhea
junior right mm-hmm so uh carlos that's diarrhea
um when you're running into first and you feel something burst
it's diarrhea when you're sliding in the second and your bowels begin to beckon
that's diarrhea i try to very quietly open the door okay
sorry i'm rolling dice on my phone that's what's happening when you're sliding in the third
and you think you later turd that's diarrhea you creak open the door with with a slight noise but
it seems to be being masked by the noise of farting what do we see you see
one of the guys is punching diarrhea who's like on his side um being tied up he's got a big black
eye you see patches who sprawled out tied up on the opposite wall and you see two guys that are
watching um the one guy beat up passions they're kind of you're you would be within eye shot but
you're not noticed yet so it's like they're not looking right at you but they're kind of like
in you're in their field of vision if they were paying attention i turned to carlos and i said carlos
it's time to uh head for home and when you feel something foam that's diarrhea cliffhanger
give it up for Steve Levyme everybody church
everybody here too many to mention Spencer Crittenden i'm your comptroller jeff davis your
mayor is Dan Harmon thank you so much i'll play some more music for no reason
is that the fever we can put a beat on before you get beat on thank you that's been our Harmon
town we opened up a door to front town
did you get any of that